---
title: "情熱はもう消えた"
date: 2024-12-04T20:00:00+07:00 # change this, format is yyyy-mm-ddThh:mm:ssZhh:hh
tags: ["life"]
showToc: false
TocOpen: false
draft: false
hidemeta: false
comments: false
description: "自分の心を調べた時情熱もう消えた。何も熱心しません。"
disableShare: false
disableHLJS: false # highlight.js syntax highlighter
hideSummary: true
searchHidden: false
ShowReadingTime: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: true
ShowPostNavLinks: true
cover:
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1599939571322-792a326991f2?q=80&w=3126&auto=format&fit=crop&ixlib=rb-4.0.3&ixid=M3wxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8fA%3D%3D" # image path/url
    alt: "Night city" # alt text
    relative: false # when using page bundles set this to true
    hidden: false # only hide on current single page
---

At the time of writing, I don't have any passion.

I'm not trying to be edgy or anything.

I also don't mean it in a depressed way.

I don't want any advice, and I don't need any sympathy either.

Too tired to exercise, brain already drained from work so I can't be bothered doing personal side projects either.

Too lazy to play single player games, can't be bothered to deal with toxic randoms on online games, no friends to play with because everyone is moving on with their own lives.

I used to have hobbies, but they're all no longer exciting for me.

Audio stuff? Too much earphones now, and I can't even really tell which ones I like. I only use a single wired earphone & 1 true wireless earbuds (WF-1000XM5) anyway.

Keyboard? A single one is enough, I don't need more than 1 board, they're now just collecting dust.

Rhythm games? I do still like them, but I'm not seeing myself improve at all.

Learning 日本語？Ever since the N4 exam finished, I'm just waiting for the results & don't feel like learning more stuff. It's like I've burned myself preparing for the exam.

Nowadays I just waste money on eating and drinking stuff I like, raising my risk of diabetes, heart disease, etc.

I also feel like spending money for expensive stuff that I might not even need. For example, I just bought a new power bank despite the old one still working just fine. I'm also considering buying a flagship phone despite my current midrange phone having no problems at all.

I just feel like treating myself better for being able to survive this year of mostly downs and barely any ups.

I'll try to pick myself up before 2025 starts, so that I can face 2025 with renewed motivation.

Or maybe I will not live to the end of this year. After all,

> ## Tomorrow is a hope, never a promise.
> ~ A character that I am recently obsessed with, from a game that I will never play.